Update attributes-rating.md (#372)
magento/merchdocs: src/stores/attributes-rating.md

1. For **Sort Order**, enter a number to determine the order of this rating when listed with others.

> 1. If you want to show your rating on front end, tick the **Is Active** checkbox.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. If you want to show your rating on the storefront, select the **Is Active** checkbox.
```
We use select/deselect for checkboxes.
